Freddie DeMarco here at summer NAMM 2013
in Nashville Tennessee we're here with
the tone garage series pedals new pedals
by Vox they're very boutique in nature
in fact they feature a 12ax7 tube and
they run at 200 volts now the 200 volts
are converted inside the pedals so
there's no need for a bulky power supply
a nine volt power supply would do just
fine this pedal could run on batteries
and get up to six hours of battery life
this is a drive pedal if I keep the gain
down it has a nice little clip to it I
can hit the gain up for more classic
rock type crunch to it
it's very musical having the tube in the
pedal I can treat it more like the front
end of an amp where I could lower my
volume and change controls in terms of
pickups and so forth and clean it up
while it's still on
without actually touching the pedal just
turning the my guitars volume up I got
all this hair underneath that
now think of this more like a darker
british type circuit almost like a vox
front end of an amp so this is a great
pedal if you have more of an american
sounding amp and you want to get that
british tone out of it so I'm keeping
the gain down and I'll put the bright
switch in and what that's going to do is
kind of give me more of that Vox top
boost chai
thanks for joining me for this demo on
the straight six the drive pedal by Vox
if you want more information on the
straight six contact your Sweetwater
sales engineer